1)https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Server-side/First_steps
2)How does the internet work - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/Web_mechanics/How_does_the_Internet_work
3)

How does the internet work - The internet is a wire buried in the ground. It may be fibre optic, copper. The 
internet is useful because two computers connected to this wire can communicate. A server is a special computer 
connected directly to the internet and webpages are files on that server's harddrive. Every server has a unique 
internet protocol(IP) address. Just like postal address, IP address help computers find each other. IP address 
eg - 72.14.205.100. But since these type of numbers are uncomfortable to use we give the name like google.com,
facebook.com etc. 
Your comoputer at home is not a server because its not connected directly to the internet. Computers uou and I use 
evryday are called clients because they are connected indirectly to the internet through an internet service 
provider (ISP). Whenever an email,webpage or picture travels across the internet, computers break the information 
into smaller pieces called packets. When information reaches its destination the packets are reassembled in their 
original order. 


     ---------(Facebook.com, a server)               --------(marketresearch.com, another server)
         |                                              |
         |                                              |
         |                                              |
---------------------------------------------------------------------------(Internet)
                              |
You---------------            |
                  |           |
                  |----------ISP
                  |
Your Boss --------

Now say, your Boss is doing markerresearch.com and you are surfing facebook.com. You are both sending packets back 
and forth over the internet. But what's keeping your packet from accidentally ending on your boss's screen ? The 
solution to this problem is IP address and routers. Everything connected directly or indirectly to the internet has 
an IP address. Anywhere two or more parts of the internet intersects there is a piece of equipment called router. 
Routers direct your packets around the internet helping each packet to get one step closer to its destination. 
Everytime you visit a website 10-15 routers help your packet to find its way to and from your computer. Imagine 
each packet as a piece of candy wrapped in several layers. The first layer is your computer's IP address. Your 
computer sends the packet to the first router which adds its own IP address. Each time the packet reaches a new 
router another layer is added until it reaches the destination server like facebook.com. Then when the server sends 
back information it creates packets with an identical wrapping. As the packet makes its way through the internet 
back to your computer each router unwraps a layer to discover what is in the packet next until it reaches your 
computer. 
